# @ncw/ui-kit

This is a react component library starter kit for adding and using reusable react components. Built on React, Rollup, and Storybook.

To see demos and component documentation, view the storybook.

## Setup
---

- Clone this project
- Make sure you rename your component library in package.json


## Useage
---

Just import the react component t you with to use:

```js

import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { MockComponent } from 'my-component-library';

class MyComponent extends Component {
  render() {
	  return (
		  <div>
			  <MockComponent />
		  </div>
	  );
  }
}

```


## Adding Components
---

- Add your new components to the src/lib directory.
- Each component directory should contain, at minimum, these files:
	- The index.js that deals with exporting the component
	- The actual component file (MyComponent.js)
	- Your component’s .css file (in postcss)
	- Your components .story.js file for storybook demonstration
	- Your component’s .test.js file
	- Any other needed sub component files
	- The json file automatically generated by postcss (after a build)
- Import/export your component to src/lib/index.js


## PostCSS + CSS Modules
---
- Why use PostCSS?
	- More javascript-y
	- NO MOAR NODE-SASS
	- Faster to compile
	- Better exposes classes and animations to our javascript
	- Is extensible
	- Much like react, only uses the features you want to use
- Why use CSS modules?
	- Classnames and animation names are locally scoped (which is very useful for a component library that will be used in many projects)


## Code Standards
---

- Write tests, y’all
- Make sure your component has PropTypes. These will be validated when the developer is in development environment and will also be used in storybook demos for documentation.
- Use default props when appropriate
- Write jsdocs for your component if you feel like it
- Write tests, y’all


## Development
---

As you develop, create a .story.js file for your component. You can view and test your component as you develop it by running `npm run storybook` and going to **localhost:6006**


## Publish
---
Once finished, update the version of the package and `npm publish`
